README.rst, before:

Test Builds
===========

This repository is used internally to create different scenarios
on build configs and trigger many builds on Read the Docs productions.

Each branch should explain on it's ``docs/index.rst`` what's about and how the
QA process can be considered a success or a failure.

If we need to test a very specific use case, we create a new branch with
the issue number and the repository, like: ``issue-1234-org``, ``issue-4321-ext`` or similar.


Scenarios
---------

Each of these scenarios is a branch that can be built independently from the others.

Please, check `all the branches <https://github.com/readthedocs/test-builds/branches/>`_ and
`all the tags <https://github.com/readthedocs/test-builds/tags/>`_ to be sure.



Adding a new scenario to the repository
---------------------------------------

#. Create a new branch from ``master`` using an appropiate name
#. Explain what's the use case in its ``docs/index.rst`` file

   * How to check if the QA can be considered success or failure
   * Add links to the issue tracker where there are more information
#. Add or modify the necessary files

   * Make sure that these files contains the minimum configuration needed:

     * remove auto generated comments
     * configs not used
#. Push your changes

Commit message:

Test this is not built

README.rst, after:

Test Builds
===========

I just disabled PR builds, so this should not build

This repository is used internally to create different scenarios
on build configs and trigger many builds on Read the Docs productions.

Each branch should explain on it's ``docs/index.rst`` what's about and how the
QA process can be considered a success or a failure.

If we need to test a very specific use case, we create a new branch with
the issue number and the repository, like: ``issue-1234-org``, ``issue-4321-ext`` or similar.


Scenarios
---------

Each of these scenarios is a branch that can be built independently from the others.

Please, check `all the branches <https://github.com/readthedocs/test-builds/branches/>`_ and
`all the tags <https://github.com/readthedocs/test-builds/tags/>`_ to be sure.



Adding a new scenario to the repository
---------------------------------------

#. Create a new branch from ``master`` using an appropiate name
#. Explain what's the use case in its ``docs/index.rst`` file

   * How to check if the QA can be considered success or failure
   * Add links to the issue tracker where there are more information
#. Add or modify the necessary files

   * Make sure that these files contains the minimum configuration needed:

     * remove auto generated comments
     * configs not used
#. Push your changes
